
Hérault:
name:Hérault,
subdivisionName:France,Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées,
p:Béziers,Lodève,
leaderParty:Socialist_Party_(France),
leaderTitle:President_of_the_Departmental_Council,
leaderName:André_Vezinhet,
areaTotalKm:6101,
populationTotal:1092331,
populationRank:20.0,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
Héctor_Camacho:
name:Héctor Camacho,
realname:Héctor Luis Camacho Matías,
nickname:Macho Camacho,
birthDate:1962-05-24,
deathDate:2012-11-24,
birthPlace:Bayamón,_Puerto_Rico,Puerto_Rico,
deathPlace:San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico,Puerto_Rico,
nationality:Puerto_Ricans,
height:170.18,
Härryda_Municipality:
name:Härryda Municipality,
nativeName:Härryda kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västra_Götaland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.harryda.se,
Hörby_Municipality:
name:Hörby Municipality,
nativeName:Hörby kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.horby.se,
Höör_Municipality:
name:Höör Municipality,
nativeName:Höörs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hoor.se,
Höganäs_Municipality:
name:Höganäs Municipality,
nativeName:Höganäs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hoganas.se,
Hässleholm_Municipality:
name:Hässleholm Municipality,
nativeName:Hässleholms kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hassleholm.se,
Håbo_Municipality:
name:Håbo Municipality,
nativeName:Håbo kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Uppsala_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.habo.se,
Härjedalen_Municipality:
name:Härjedalen Municipality,
nativeName:Härjedalens kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Jämtland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:english.4.1c2eb66911fa755d3678000221.html,
Högsby_Municipality:
name:Högsby Municipality,
nativeName:Högsby kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Kalmar_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hogsby.se,
Hällefors_Municipality:
name:Hällefors Municipality,
nativeName:Hällefors kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Örebro_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hallefors.se,
Härnösand_Municipality:
name:Härnösand Municipality,
nativeName:Härnösands kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västernorrland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
Høje-Taastrup_Municipality:
name:Høje-Taastrup Municipality,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Denmark,
subdivisionName:Denmark,Capital_Region_of_Denmark,
leaderParty:Conservative_People's_Party_(Denmark),
leaderTitle:Mayor,
leaderName:Michael Ziegler,
areaTotalKm:78.41,
populationTotal:48853,
populationAsOf:2014-04-01,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
website:,
Hélène_Cixous:
region:Western_philosophy,
era:Contemporary_philosophy,
name:Hélène Cixous,
birthDate:1937-06-05,
birthPlace:Oran,French_Algeria,
schoolTradition:Feminism_in_France,
mainInterests:Literary_criticism,
influences:Jacques_Derrida,Maurice_Blanchot,Sigmund_Freud,Jacques_Lacan,
influenced:Avital_Ronell,
Hélécine:
arrondissement:Arrondissement_of_Nivelles,
postalCodes:1357,
telephoneArea:19,
Héron:
arrondissement:Arrondissement_of_Huy,
postalCodes:42174218,
telephoneArea:85,
Hå:
name:Hå,
county:Rogaland,
areaTotalKm:259,
areaLandKm:249,
areaWaterPercent:0.08,
populationTotal:15438,
populationDensityKm:60,
Hægebostad:
name:Hægebostad,
county:Vest-Agder,
areaTotalKm:461.53,
areaLandKm:425.58,
areaWaterKm:35.95,
populationTotal:1659,
website:,
Høyanger:
name:Høyanger,
county:Sogn og Fjordane,
areaTotalKm:907.94,
areaLandKm:838.42,
areaWaterKm:69.52,
populationTotal:4222,
populationDensityKm:5,
Høylandet:
name:Høylandet,
county:Nord-Trøndelag,
areaTotalKm:754.39,
areaLandKm:702.44,
areaWaterKm:51.95,
populationTotal:1270,
populationDensityKm:1.8,
Hälsingland:
name:Hälsingland,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Norrland,Gävleborg_County,Jämtland_County,Västernorrland_County,
areaTotalKm:14264,
populationTotal:129221,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
Härjedalen:
name:Härjedalen,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Norrland,Jämtland_County,Dalarna_County,
areaTotalKm:11405,
populationTotal:10028,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
Höxter_(district):
name:Höxter,
populationAsOf:2013-12-31,
Héctor_Camacho,_Jr.:
name:Héctor Camacho, Jr.,
realname:Héctor Camacho, Jr.,
nickname:Machito,
birthDate:1978-09-20,
birthPlace:San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico,
Hôtel_Terminus:_The_Life_and_Times_of_Klaus_Barbie:
name:Hôtel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie,
writer:Marcel_Ophüls,
starring:Klaus_Barbie,Claude_Lanzmann,Marcel_Ophüls,Jeanne_Moreau,
director:Marcel_Ophüls,
producer:Marcel_Ophüls,
country:France,United States,
distributor:The_Samuel_Goldwyn_Company,
released:1988-10-06,
runtime:16020.0,
language:French/English/German/Spanish,
id:95341,
Håkon_Melberg:
name:Håkon Melberg,
birthDate:1911-01-01,
deathDate:1990-11-04,
Hélène_Dutrieu:Hélène Dutrieu,
birthDate:1877-07-10,
birthPlace:Tournai,Belgium,
deathDate:1961-06-26,
deathPlace:Paris, France,
occupation:Cycle racer, stunt driver and aviator,
Héctor_Germán_Oesterheld:
name:Héctor Germán Oesterheld,
nationality:Argentine,
Héctor_José_Cámpora:
name:Héctor Cámpora,
nationality:Argentina,
order:38,
termStart:1973-05-25,
termEnd:1973-07-12,
successor:Raúl_Alberto_Lastiri,
birthDate:1909-03-26,
birthPlace:Mercedes,_Buenos_Aires,Argentina,
deathDate:1980-12-18,
deathPlace:Cuernavaca,Mexico,
party:Justicialist_Party,
vicepresident:Vicente_Solano_Lima,
profession:Dentist,
Hélio_Castroneves:
name:Hélio Castroneves,
birthDate:1975-05-10,
birthPlace:Ribeirão Preto, Brazil,
currentTeam:Team_Penske,
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Hérault:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Héctor_Camacho:
Hérault:
name:Hérault,
subdivisionName:France,Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées,
p:Béziers,Lodève,
leaderParty:Socialist_Party_(France),
leaderTitle:President_of_the_Departmental_Council,
leaderName:André_Vezinhet,
areaTotalKm:6101,
populationTotal:1092331,
populationRank:20.0,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
Héctor_Camacho:
name:Héctor Camacho,
realname:Héctor Luis Camacho Matías,
nickname:Macho Camacho,
birthDate:1962-05-24,
deathDate:2012-11-24,
birthPlace:Bayamón,_Puerto_Rico,Puerto_Rico,
deathPlace:San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico,Puerto_Rico,
nationality:Puerto_Ricans,
height:170.18,
Härryda_Municipality:
name:Härryda Municipality,
nativeName:Härryda kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västra_Götaland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.harryda.se,
Hörby_Municipality:
name:Hörby Municipality,
nativeName:Hörby kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.horby.se,
Höör_Municipality:
name:Höör Municipality,
nativeName:Höörs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hoor.se,
Höganäs_Municipality:
name:Höganäs Municipality,
nativeName:Höganäs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hoganas.se,
Hässleholm_Municipality:
name:Hässleholm Municipality,
nativeName:Hässleholms kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hassleholm.se,
Håbo_Municipality:
name:Håbo Municipality,
nativeName:Håbo kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Uppsala_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.habo.se,
Härjedalen_Municipality:
name:Härjedalen Municipality,
nativeName:Härjedalens kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Jämtland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:english.4.1c2eb66911fa755d3678000221.html,
Högsby_Municipality:
name:Högsby Municipality,
nativeName:Högsby kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Kalmar_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hogsby.se,
Hällefors_Municipality:
name:Hällefors Municipality,
nativeName:Hällefors kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Örebro_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.hallefors.se,
Härnösand_Municipality:
name:Härnösand Municipality,
nativeName:Härnösands kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västernorrland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
Høje-Taastrup_Municipality:
name:Høje-Taastrup Municipality,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Denmark,
subdivisionName:Denmark,Capital_Region_of_Denmark,
leaderParty:Conservative_People's_Party_(Denmark),
leaderTitle:Mayor,
leaderName:Michael Ziegler,
areaTotalKm:78.41,
populationTotal:48853,
populationAsOf:2014-04-01,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
website:,