
Älvdalen_Municipality:
name:Älvdalens kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Dalarna_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.alvdalen.se,
Ängelholm_Municipality:
name:Ängelholm Municipality,
nativeName:Ängelholms kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.engelholm.se,
Älvkarleby_Municipality:
name:Älvkarleby Municipality,
nativeName:Älvkarleby kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Uppsala_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.alvkarleby.se,
Älmhult_Municipality:
name:Älmhult Municipality,
nativeName:Älmhults kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Kronoberg_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.almhult.se,
Älvsbyn_Municipality:
name:Älvsbyn Municipality,
nativeName:Älvsbyns kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Norrbotten_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.alvsbyn.se,
Älvsborg_County:
conventionalLongName:Älvsborg County,
nativeName:Älvsborgs län,
commonName:Älvsborgs län,
capital:Vänersborg,
Älvdalen_Municipality:
name:Älvdalens kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Dalarna_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.alvdalen.se,
Ängelholm_Municipality:
name:Ängelholm Municipality,
nativeName:Ängelholms kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.engelholm.se,
Älvkarleby_Municipality:
name:Älvkarleby Municipality,
nativeName:Älvkarleby kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Uppsala_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.alvkarleby.se,
Älmhult_Municipality:
name:Älmhult Municipality,
nativeName:Älmhults kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Kronoberg_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.almhult.se,
Älvsbyn_Municipality:
name:Älvsbyn Municipality,
nativeName:Älvsbyns kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Norrbotten_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.alvsbyn.se,