
Åmål_Municipality:
name:Åmål Municipality,
nativeName:Åmåls kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västra_Götaland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.amal.se,
Åstorp_Municipality:
name:Åstorp Municipality,
nativeName:Åstorps kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.astorp.se,
Åre_Municipality:
name:Åre Municipality,
nativeName:Åre kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Jämtland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.are.se,
Åtvidaberg_Municipality:
name:Åtvidaberg Municipality,
nativeName:Åtvidabergs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Östergötland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.atvidaberg.se,
Årjäng_Municipality:
name:Årjäng Municipality,
nativeName:Årjängs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Värmland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.arjang.se,
Åsele_Municipality:
name:Åsele Municipality,
nativeName:Åsele kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västerbotten_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.asele.se,
Ånge_Municipality:
name:Ånge Municipality,
nativeName:Ånge kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västernorrland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
Åfjord:
name:Åfjord,
county:Sør-Trøndelag,
areaTotalKm:955.09,
areaLandKm:895.72,
areaWaterKm:59.37,
populationTotal:3220,
populationDensityKm:3.6,
Ås,_Akershus:
name:Ås,
county:Akershus,
areaTotalKm:103,
areaLandKm:101.3,
areaWaterPercent:0.03,
populationTotal:15863,
populationDensityKm:156.6,
Åsnes:
name:Åsnes,
county:Hedmark,
areaTotalKm:1041,
areaLandKm:1004,
areaWaterPercent:0.32,
populationTotal:7581,
populationDensityKm:8,
Åmot:
name:Åmot,
county:Hedmark,
areaTotalKm:1340,
areaLandKm:1293,
areaWaterPercent:0.41,
populationTotal:4425,
populationDensityKm:3,
Åseral:
name:Åseral,
county:Vest-Agder,
areaTotalKm:887,
areaLandKm:798,
areaWaterPercent:0.27,
populationTotal:905,
populationDensityKm:1,
Ål:
name:Ål,
county:Buskerud,
areaTotalKm:1171,
areaLandKm:1081,
areaWaterPercent:0.36,
populationTotal:4656,
populationDensityKm:4,
Åmli:
name:Åmli,
county:Aust-Agder,
areaTotalKm:1130.6,
areaLandKm:1067.95,
areaWaterKm:62.65,
populationTotal:1861,
populationDensityKm:1.7,
Årdal:
name:Årdal,
county:Sogn og Fjordane,
areaTotalKm:976.58,
areaLandKm:930.12,
areaWaterKm:46.46,
populationTotal:5496,
populationDensityKm:5.9,
Ångermanland:
name:Ångermanland,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Norrland,Västernorrland_County,Jämtland_County,Västerbotten_County,
areaTotalKm:19507,
populationTotal:132689,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
Åhus:
officialName:Åhus,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Kristianstad_Municipality,Skåne_County,Scania,
areaTotalKm:9.63,
populationAsOf:2010-12-31,
populationTotal:9423,
populationDensityKm:978,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezoneDst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffsetDst:+2,
Åsne_Seierstad:
name:Åsne Seierstad,
birthDate:1970-02-10,
birthPlace:Oslo, Norway,
occupation:Broadcast Journalist, Author,
website:asne_seierstad,
Åbo_Akademi_University:
name:Åbo Akademi University,
nativeName:Åbo Akademi,
latinName:Academia Aboensis,
type:Public_university,
rector:Mikko_Hupa,
chancellor:Ulrika_Wolf-Knuts,
staff:1127,
students:7941,
city:Turku,
country:Finland,
colors:Red and Yellow,
affiliations:Coimbra_Group,
website:?lang=en,
Åmål_Municipality:
name:Åmål Municipality,
nativeName:Åmåls kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västra_Götaland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.amal.se,
Åstorp_Municipality:
name:Åstorp Municipality,
nativeName:Åstorps kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Skåne_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.astorp.se,
Åre_Municipality:
name:Åre Municipality,
nativeName:Åre kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Jämtland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.are.se,
Åtvidaberg_Municipality:
name:Åtvidaberg Municipality,
nativeName:Åtvidabergs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Östergötland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.atvidaberg.se,
Årjäng_Municipality:
name:Årjäng Municipality,
nativeName:Årjängs kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Värmland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.arjang.se,
Åsele_Municipality:
name:Åsele Municipality,
nativeName:Åsele kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västerbotten_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,
website:www.asele.se,
Ånge_Municipality:
name:Ånge Municipality,
nativeName:Ånge kommun,
settlementType:Municipalities_of_Sweden,
subdivisionName:Sweden,Västernorrland_County,
timezone:Central_European_Time,
utcOffset:+1,
timezone1Dst:Central_European_Summer_Time,
utcOffset1Dst:+2,
isoCode:ISO_3166-2:SE,